[TASK] Add info about necessary scopes (#6021)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Localization/TranslationServer/Crowdin/ExtensionIntegration.rst

                        generated in **personal settings** at
                        :guilabel:`API > Personal Access Tokens`.

                    ..  tip::

>                         When creating a personal access token in Crowdin, you'll need to select some scopes. For this workflow set at least the following basic `Project` scopes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        When creating a personal access token in Crowdin, you will need to select some scopes. 
                        For this workflow set at least the following basic `Project` scopes:
```

                        generated in **personal settings** at
                        :guilabel:`API > Personal Access Tokens`.

                    ..  tip::
                        When creating a personal access token in Crowdin, you will need to select some scopes. 

>                         For this workflow set at least the following basic `Project` scopes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        For this workflow, set at least the following basic `Project` scopes:
```
